README.md, before:

# Jeanne d'Arc NYIRAMWIZA

#### 17th, December 2018

#### By **Jeanne d'Arc NYIRAMWIZA**

## Description

My name is Jeanne d'Arc NYIRAMWIZA, I am student in Moringa School. This is the simple example of javascrip Triangle\

## BDD

### Specs for a triangle

The application should tell me what type of triangle my values will produce:

1. input:all sides must be equal
   output:Triangle is Equilateral
2. input: Two sides are exactly equal
   output: Triangle is isoscele
3. input: none of the sides is equal. However, the sum of any two sides of the triangle must be greater than the third side.
   output: Triangle is Scalene
4. input: If the sum of any two sides of the triangle is equal to or less than the third remaining side
   output: Triangle can not be formed

## Technologies Used

html javascript

When you click on this link you will run how it is working:https://github.com/njoanc/Triangle.git
##Fill free to contact us:
+250783451689
njaonc@gmail.com
#copyright moringaschool@(c)2018

Commit message:

adding installation requirements in README.md

README.md, after:

# Jeanne d'Arc NYIRAMWIZA

#### 17th, December 2018

#### By **Jeanne d'Arc NYIRAMWIZA**

## Description

My name is Jeanne d'Arc NYIRAMWIZA, I am a student in Moringa School. This is the simple example of javascrip Triangle

## BDD

### Specs for a triangle

The application should tell me what type of triangle my values will produce:

1. input:all sides must be equal
   output:Triangle is Equilateral
2. input: Two sides are exactly equal
   output: Triangle is isoscele
3. input: none of the sides is equal. However, the sum of any two sides of the triangle must be greater than the third side.
   output: Triangle is Scalene
4. input: If the sum of any two sides of the triangle is equal to or less than the third remaining side
   output: Triangle can not be formed

## Technologies Used

html javascript

## Setup/Installation Requirements

To start using this project use the following commands:
git clone https://github.com/njoanc/Triangle.git , cd TriangleTracker atom . code . [//]: # (this is if Visual Studio Code is your preferred text editor)

## Contacts

When you click on this link you will run how it is working:https://github.com/njoanc/Triangle.git
Fill free to contact us:
+250783451689
njaonc@gmail.com
copyright moringaschool@(c)2018
